#Challange 2:
---------------------->
Controlling security 
--------------------



Now that external customers have access to your Jira instance, you need to ensure that security is tightly controlled. 

1. What levels of security are available within Jira? 
Product Level - This controls the access to entire Jira Product, access to entire Jira instance which is controlled by Jira Org Admins, will grant right access to users and groups
Project Level (Role) - Based on the Project Role the External actors would only be granted access to their project only with the principle of "need to know basis" 
Issue Level Security - Only authorized level users would be able to do the activities, required.

2. What configurations grant access to public issue tracker projects?
Grant access to Public ? 

3. How can you hide specific issues from external users?  
Issue Security - Create a Issue security, with certain clearence level, such that issues which only have proper clearence would only be visible to certain users (eg: Externals)

4. Must you add specific users or groups only? Or are more dynamic entries available?
For Dynamic assignment there are many:
Application based access: A group which has access to Jira-Software can be assigned to any logged in users such that they can get the required access,
Jira Automation: Automation can be set up such that if there is any particaular issue created it has to be assigned to respective group.
Dynamic User Picker: We can use Scriptrunner to create automations to add in users mentioned.

5. Can you hide issue comments?
Yes, it can be done through editing field configuration

6. What cannot be hidden on an issue?
Epic colour, Epic Link, Epic Name, Design, Development, Category, Approvals, Issue type, goals, Major Incident, Open form etc

7. Which permissions control the editing of certain system fields?
Cannot edit system fields

8. How can you ensure that external users cannot edit certain fields inline but internal users can?
We can make certain fields hidden to externals such that they dont see those fields, [Field Contexts]

9. What permissions do external users need to create dashboards and filters?
They require Share Dashboards and filters permission.

10. Can you ensure that dashboards and filters are shared with internal users only?
Yes, it can be done such that new filters / dashboards created would be shared with only certain project role members.

11. Can you limit who can view and select users or groups from the user pickers?
Yes, we can create a custom field with user picker (single /multiple) and use issue security to create levels such that if any externals only with that security level clearance can access / see those issues.

12. Can you control who can execute bulk operations?
No, Only Jira admins can move / execute bulk operations on Jira 

13. Is there a difference in configuring access and security settings between company-managed and team-managed projects?
Yes, the Company managed projects has more flexibitlity compared to team managed projects since they have schemas available to configure access / permission based on the project requirement.